I really feel bad for anybody with
sensitive skin that tried these because
I cannot imagine the pain you must have
been in these are horrible hello my
friends welcome to my August favorites
and fails countdown video I did not get
a chance to do one of these videos last
month because I was actually believe in
Orlando when I would have have filmed
this so you're lots of thing to tell you
about lots of things that I've tried
this month I have a new system for how
I'm keeping track of my purchases so
hopefully that will help me to pick
these products more educationally for
your purposes of knowing new products
that are good and new products that are
really bad if you've never seen one of
my favorites and fails videos before
this is how it works we start with the
worst product at Number ten and we count
all the way up to the best product I
tried this month all the way at number
one so let's go ahead and get started so
the first thing that I have number 10
the acure coconut and argan oil
cleansing towelettes oh no oh no these
are so bad Curie is a great brand here's
a great brand I don't know who tested
these before they send them out but it
was it must have been somebody with skin
of Steel these things hurt so bad I got
these in my August birch box and I
forget who it was now I can't remember
was it Lin I think it was Lin who was
like Jen just be careful with those they
burn so you know when you eat some spicy
food and it starts on your end your
mouth and you're kind of like oh that's
a little spicy and the next thing you
know you're on fire that's what these
things did to my face and I don't have
sensitive skin I have normal skin
normally my skin is fine like I can I
can handle things you know I'm not ultra
sensitive I really feel bad for anybody
with sensitive skin that try these
because I cannot imagine the pain you
must have been in these are horrible
absolutely horrible I can't even tell
you any kind of benefit for these
because I only use them the one time
definitely number 10 worst product I
tried this month the next two products
numbers 9 and 8 are ones that just
didn't work for me they didn't really do
anything
first one is the brand new supposedly
the brand new new double stacked by NYX
this is the thing anybody that's ever
tried lash fiber mascara at least
anybody that I have talked to I know
there are people out there that do like
lash fiber mascara but I think that most
people that try it don't particularly
like lash fiber mascara so I don't know
why NYX is now coming out with a lash
fiber mascara when it was kind of a
trend a year or two ago and now they're
coming out with a new one and it's bad
it's really bad I got this with epsy
point perk points from people
subscribing using my link and now I get
to warn you about them it's the one
where they have a mascara base and top
coat if you ever heard of that
multi-level marketing company called
unique it's the same kind of concept you
start off with the mascara the mascara
is very very wet doesn't really do a
whole lot and then you layer on these
fibers and the fibers are just like
little cotton fibers and then you're
supposed to put this over top to kind of
make those fibers turn black and add
that length you can see here hopefully
you can see it's goofy on the end and it
is a goopy formula it's much like the
unique and goopy formula but I actually
like the unique better than this one I
didn't like the unique this one was
worse just really really did not do well
you end up with spidery kinds of things
on the ends of your lashes that don't
really make sense it's just in order for
something like this to work it would
they would have to be some way for the
brush to attach the fibers in a way that
they went with the lashes and the
bristles on here are typical mascara
bristles and they don't organize the
fibers to create that false length
really bad not good I definitely don't
recommend that if you see it in the
store if you do like fiber mascaras you
may like it but for me this was a huge
no next up is another brand that I love
actually to the sponsored video with
them earlier in the month but this is a
product that did not work for me it's
the julep tada quick dry drops this is
my favorite quick dry drop for nails
this is the dry-ice by color club this
one is amazing my nails once I put my
top coat on my nails will be completely
dry no chips smudges nothing
happens after about five minutes with
this on my nails and I know I can just
go about my day and not worry about
digging my nails this didn't do anything
I didn't see any results I didn't see
any drying of my nails and I did the
exact same process I do with this dings
all over the place I was very
disappointed so this was a no for me
number seven was one that worked
initially but then ended up being
something I didn't like this is the Mac
Paint Pot in vintage selection this one
I got at the Kansas City Meetup I use
using it as an eyeshadow base
it's a shimmery shade it's not even
glittery its shimmery and it's thought
it would be a gorgeous eyeshadow base
basically what happens with this is you
end up with glitter fallout all over
your cheeks at the end of the day at
least I did and that's a big note for me
I don't enjoy the look of random glitter
just hanging out on my cheeks for no
with no purpose I don't mind a little
bit of glitter sometimes I'd like a
highlight but it has to be strategically
placed and this just ends up a mess all
over so I don't have packaging anymore
you guys I'll have to check with Mac to
see whether I can still return this but
I would love to return this that much
still can or traded it in for something
I don't know maybe a new painterly
because I love Mac's painterly it was
gorgeous initially but though we're was
just really bad getting into products
that are just okay for me this is the
neo bronzer by Kevin O Quan it is in the
shade Capri which is cool pink and I've
used this quite a bit it's just ordinary
it's not extraordinary and for a Kevyn
Aucoin price point I accept I expect it
to be extraordinary if this was a
drugstore product I'd be raving about it
to you I would be telling you this is
amazing go out and buy it it's awesome
for a drugstore product but the fact
that this has an insane price tag it's
just it's a note I'm wearing it on my
cheeks today it applies very very nice
wear time is pretty typical ask me a
good 6 hours before it goes away and I
loved how ombre it is it's beautiful how
it's all braids in there you can do a
lot of mixing and matching between the
shades so you can make it a little bit
dartle bit darker the blush or you can
make it a little lighter by mixing in a
little bit of a highlight and it's a
wonderful concept it's just
very average product and like I said for
Kevin a quant price is definitely not
worth it for me that's why it's so low
on the countdown this month next up is a
product that I reviewed on the channel
did a full review I will be linking that
down below it is the Ulta and Jenny Fox
miss fabulous 12-piece eyeshadow palette
again not a bad product but I can see
that this is eventually going to be
decluttered I'm gonna keep it for a
little while but I have a feeling this
is going to be passed on to somebody
else the shadows are good they're good
but it's it's definitely not gonna keep
up with the palettes that I own and love
and use a lot like I mentioned in the
video I don't like that there's these
four orange shades in the middle I wish
you replaced this one with a deep matte
Brown and I wish that she had replaced
this one with a true matte cream or a
medium brown like Tobi shade I feel like
this transition shade is only gonna be
good for so many people if we maybe get
a shade like this but a little bit
deeper they're okay they're fine shadows
they go on very easily lasting powers
pretty typical last you through a day
without significant fading but the color
selection leaves a little bit to be
desired for me and I don't think that
with the amount of product you get that
I break down in the video I don't think
it's worth the price point of $20 if you
can get it on an old to sale if you can
get 50% off then this is a great palette
for 50% off getting into products that I
really really like a lot this is the elf
intense ink eyeliner I really like this
eyeliner is it my holy grail no it's not
because I can't keep my wing on with it
the wing will wipe off but it goes on
super easily it doesn't seep into my
fine lines on my lid it lasts all day
and one thing I really like about this
that's unique is that it dries down to a
matte black a lot of these liquid liners
will dry down to a glossy this dries
down to a matte which a lot of people
really really like that look also you
can go from a fine line to a thicker
line very easily it's easy to get toward
the toward the lash line at the bends of
the tip is very nice very easy to work
with but for three dollars this is super
super Fab Lab salutely as I mentioned
earlier I did a sponsored video for
julep earlier
the month and this is was my favorite
product that I got in the julep
favorites kits I'll link that video down
below if you want to see what else came
in the kits but this is the new liquid
lipstick that they have I'm pretty sure
its new this is the matte lip mousse in
the shade la la I wanted to wear a
different lip today so I just chose not
to use this one today but it's really
really pretty I love the formula it's
very whippy and moosie if you're a fan
of the Ophir liquid lipsticks or the new
bare minerals Jen nude lipsticks you
will really like this formula if you're
more into the Kat Von D the honest Asya
Jeffrey store things like that
it's not like that if there is some
transfer lasting power isn't quite as
good but it's not drawing and that's the
thing and that's what I like I like live
with lipsticks that aren't super super
super drying
it's got like a mild chocolaty kind of
set very similar to the new bare
minerals Jen new liquid lipsticks that
I'm gonna be reviewing later in the
month that's what I'm wearing on my lips
today but I didn't want to give you the
full review on those when I'm about to
do a review on those products so
definitely make sure you hit the
subscribe button if you want to see the
review of the Jen new liquid lipsticks
and the lip glosses and the regular
lipsticks I'm reviewing the whole line
coming up hopefully next week but yeah
so this anyway the julep one is really
really good very much enjoying it
lasting power is very good the wear down
is very nice definite recommend here
okay this one I'm kind of doing a little
cheater pants here for the Swan because
this was the one that I was going to put
as number two for the month this is the
elf moisturizing foundation stick I
heard about this from Emily Noelle 83
she had put this in a video recently I
bought it I was going to do a wear test
comparison between this and the new
hourglass one and then all of a sudden
ELF discontinued it and I was like
seriously so it's no longer on the elf
website I don't know if you can get it
anywhere so I can't even talk about this
anymore even though it's amazing and it
was going to be number two so elf messed
up especially not all these so all these
thick foundations are coming out and elf
discontinues this amazing stick
foundation I don't know what they're
thinking just so big fail on elf on that
one so I'm gonna have to replace it with
the other foundation that I really like
that I've been trying this month and
that's the Ulta Demi matte foundation
broad-spectrum SPF 20 and my
is in the shade beige this matches my
skin tone really really nicely
it's what I'm wearing on my face today
it doesn't make my face look cakey in
any way but it does give a nice medium
coverage it goes on really thick like
it's got a very thick consistency but it
spreads out and blends so well and so
easily I'm just starting to get into
Ulta brand products I haven't bought any
in the past before I got the Miss Jen
fabulous palette and I am really loving
this I will be doing an Ulta brand
review oh and lasting powers were really
good to last all day long at the end of
the day I'm pulling off tons of
foundation it's like whoa there's so
much foundation left on my face this is
crazy
so really really good here but number
one number one is the only product that
I feel like at this point is heading up
there to a holy grail status like really
really good and I'm shocked because this
is a brand that I don't typically have
like yes is in and it is the benefit
kabrel girlfriend or boyfriend this OH
if this is you you will love this if
you've ever tried the anasazi dip brow
and been like oh Instagram brows all
this is too much it's too crazy but I
really like the formula of it but I wish
that it wasn't so crazy this one is for
you and the packaging is gorgeous it's
just oh my gosh it's an amazing product
it's just like the dip brow in that it
looks like a little eyeliner pot or an
elf smudge pot or something mine's in
the shade 6 I wear really dark eyebrow
products it's got the little brush in
the top that you do need to clean but
super easy to clean because it does have
this faux metal ish kind of packaging
here super easy to clean or you can just
wipe it off with a tissue when you're
done using it what you can use a brush
cleaner or whatever you want but it's an
actual brush and it goes on so easily
and it's pullies out so well and it just
it goes just it's perfect it's the
perfect gel cream eyebrow product never
used anything as awesome as this and I'm
so stinkin impressed with this formula I
just I can't even like speak highly
enough about this I wore this yesterday
I went to her
park yesterday with my family got in the
water park going crazy and my brows
still look good at the end of the day
nothing else look good well my eyeliner
looked okay but my eye shadow the rest
of my makeup look like a train wreck
like I just been hit with the ugly stick
but this still looked awesome so highly
recommend this if you're gonna get
anything that I'm recommending today
definitely look into these products
right here these ones are the ones I'm
recommending this month the benefit that
could work a brow the julep liquid
lipsticks the Ulta Foundation and the
elf eyeliner those those are the big
wins this month so I want to thank you
very very much for watching this video I
appreciate it definitely make sure you
hit the thumbs up button if you loved
this video and also if you like this
don't forget to subscribe and that'll
make sure that you don't miss at my
favorites next month as you can see
behind me I have a couple of things I'm
going to be playin with this month so we
got the nikkietutorials power of makeup
palette that is a review of that kit is
coming very soon also in the modern
renaissance palette I got that I want to
thank you again for spending part of
your day with me I appreciate it so much
and I'd love to you and I'll see you in
the next video